---
layout: post
title: Welcome
---

I am a Ph.D. candidate in Economics at Boston University.

My research interests are Macroeconomics, Asset Pricing, and International Economics.

I expect to graduate in 2021.

My CV is [here](/archive/dongweixu_cv.pdf) and my email address is [this](mailto:xud@bu).

## Working Papers

##### Labor Adjustment Cost: Implication from Asset Prices (Job Market Paper)

- Check out the [paper](/archive/dongweixu_cv.pdf) and [slides](/archive/dongweixu_cv.pdf)

- This paper studies the asset pricing implications arising from the labor adjustment cost. I implement a novel crosswalk linking three micro-level datasets and measure the hours margin of a firm's labor input. At the firm level, a 1 percent increase in hours is associated with a 0.6 percent decrease in future equity value. A production-based asset pricing model incorporating non-convex, linear, and convex labor adjustment cost components matches key firm-level moments of real quantities and asset prices. Consistent with the data, the model implies that (1) firms face labor adjustment costs mostly in the form of disruption to production and that (2) a macroeconomic shock that reduces labor adjustment costs leads to high marginal utility states.

## Work in Progress

##### Labor Adjustment Cost: Implication from Asset Prices (Job Market Paper)

- Check out the [paper](/archive/dongweixu_cv.pdf) and [slides](/archive/dongweixu_cv.pdf).

- This paper studies the asset pricing implications arising from the labor adjustment cost. I implement a novel crosswalk linking three micro-level datasets and measure the hours margin of a firm's labor input. At the firm level, a 1 percent increase in hours is associated with a 0.6 percent decrease in future equity value. A production-based asset pricing model incorporating non-convex, linear, and convex labor adjustment cost components matches key firm-level moments of real quantities and asset prices. Consistent with the data, the model implies that (1) firms face labor adjustment costs mostly in the form of disruption to production and that (2) a macroeconomic shock that reduces labor adjustment costs leads to high marginal utility states.

## Teaching

##### Instructor

- Introductory Macroeconomic Analysis, Department of Economics, Boston University, Summer 2018, Summer 2019
- Check out the [evaluation](/archive/dongweixu_cv.pdf).

##### Teaching Assistant

- Empirical Economics, Department of Economics, Boston University, Fall 2016, Spring 2017, Fall 2017, Spring 2018, Spring 2020
- Introductory Macroeconomic Analysis, Department of Economics, Boston University, Spring 2019

## Contact

- Department of Economics, Boston University
- 270 Bay State Road, Boston MA 02215 USA


